It's stretched out all over!
If the White-Clad are here,
then their objective is probably to secure the Adolla Burst.
If so, then is the best course of action to team up with Haijima,
and get out of this three-way battle situation?
I'll punish you on Sol's behalf!
Oh? That didn't work?
What, you mean it's insulated?
Haumea, get back.
Tch, you keep out of this!
This... is too much.
If I don't maintain some space, she has the upper hand.
But she's matching me step for step; I can't shake her!
Not only am I not outdistancing her, she's overtaking--
What are you doing, Arrow?! You are seriously pathetic!
--Sorry. --And you call yourself a protector?
Usually, the pillar-protector buddy system goes Commander Sho and me,
and Charon and you, Haumea.
We were paired up on the premise that we were good matches for each other,
and breaking that up is why we are out of sync--
I'll give you a full-body vibrating massage, so let's be friends!
It looks like electricity is coursing through her whole body.
If we get close to them, we'll get shocked.
I don't want to hear any of your excuses, Arrow.
Protect me right, or I'll kill you.
How nice!
My generator is getting all warmed up. It's going to be worth punishing you!
Charon will be capturing the Sixth Pillar any minute.
Arrow, stop standing there looking moody.
Let's go nuts on them!
If that plasma lady uses her toxic EM waves, it's all over!
The plasma density in this whole area is rising. I have to hurry!
Arthur! Where are you?!
WALK!
SNAP!
Where's Nataku?!
--Let me go! --Stop squirming!
That's right, the kid's over there. You bad guys fight over him!
You're coming here?!
Out of my way.
Let me take care of those weak-looking ones first.
Don't you care about Nataku?!
I already told you, where possible, I like to fight the weak.
CLAP!
This is a hell of a situation! Shinra!
Get Nataku!
Yes, sir!
Let's get going.
You aren't getting away!
What do we do? Should we get in there, too?
No, just wait, Ritsu. Someone will die before long.
You won't lack for raw materials.
Thanks to your power, Miss Inca, I can use my ability all I like.
Danger, danger, danger will get you killed. Show them, Ritsu...
...the spell that lets you toy with people.
"Episode 16: Mind Blown"
Damn...
You are quite the pain-in-the-ass opponent.
--Aren't there any other, more reasonable opponents?
--Let me go! Let me go! --Aren't there any other, more reasonable opponents?
What is this black smoke?
"Soul Eclipse"
--I feel hot all over...! --Wah! Too hot! Too hot!
Burn from the inside out with my superheated soot.
Nice weakness.
Secured!
You have nothing to worry about now, Nataku-kun!
"S--"
"Snatch!"
Sixth Pillar, you are not to leave me.
That's an educational bear. The boy belongs to Haijima.
A bear?!
--Got him! --Got him!
Don't get in the way, Arthur! I've got him!
Shut up, Devil! You're gonna scare the kid!
Rebound!
That's a foul!
Come on! Hey, hey!
--Press him! Like we did in practice! --Mm-hmm, this is perfectly good raw material.
--We just need to get one sure basket! --Mm-hmm, this is perfectly good raw material.
Now I just need an Infernal for the base.
There's the perfect person for the job.
I'm going to make you bigger.
An Infernal?!
Necro Pyro.
"Necro Pyro"
She's raising those bodies?!
That is one nasty power.
The corpses are attacking the Infernal!
Oh, God!
Come, come, great flaming one.
I-It's a... ...giant Infernal!
That Infernal that appeared back in Ueno--
that was due to this woman's ability?
She's making playthings of those people's bodies!
This one has a fighter as its base,
so it's a lot stronger than that earlier, misbegotten one.
Yes, Kurono.
Mr. President!
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was focusing on the weaker ones...
Idiot? Me? Yes, sir.
The boy with the Adolla Burst has been incorporated into a giant Infernal--
Well, yes, sir. Which is why I was giving priority to the weaker--
Sir? Idiot? Do you mean me, sir?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Understood. Goodbye, sir.
Honestly, being a salaryman is rough.
This is no time for the two of us to be quarreling.
Let's get Nataku back.
I'll help you.
Hey, Arrow, you keep that corporal-punishment biddy occupied.
I have business with the Sixth Pillar.
And if you mess up this time, I will kill you for reals, understand?
I understand.
No running off without permission!
You really are a pesky girl!
That's him? What a lame face he has.
I'll give you a hand, so let's get you even higher!
That's right. Children are supposed to imagine.
They imagine whatever they dream.
Take fire! You're incredible! Try hard!
My mental imagery... My imagination...
My imagination... is infected...
The madman inside me is stoking me up.
My stars!
My hopes are up, while my feelings are down.
The madman is stoking me from the bottom upward.
Upward, upward... together with the thick smoke...
...heading toward my hopes...
--My hopes are up... --That's it! That's it! That's so it!
--Is that true, though? --Keep going higher! I know you can do it!
--The smoke I'm heading into makes it so hard to breathe. --Keep going higher! I know you can do it!
--The smoke I'm heading into makes it so hard to breathe. --Just keep it up!
--My hopes are up... --That's it! That's it! That's so it!
--...while my feelings are down... --That's it! That's it! That's so it!
--...while my feelings are down... --Keep going higher! I know you can do it!
--I'm about to suffocate... --Keep going higher! I know you can do it!
--I'm about to suffocate... --Keep doing what you're doing! Keep at it!
--Keep doing what you're doing! Keep at it!
--I'll be waiting for you!
--I'm really about to suffocate... --I'll be waiting for you!
I'm going to suffocate...
...on my infected imagination...
You all can suffocate together with my hopes!
What's suddenly come over him? Has he lost his mind?
Haumea, you did something, didn't you?
"Motor Head."
I goosed the amount of dopamine and beta-endorphins his brain produces
to provoke a little pressure and excitement.
He's already predisposed to it. This won't break anything.
The "Infected Imagination" he has
is a manifestation of the pressure he's always felt.
All of you, suffocate!
"Infected Imagination"
Hey, man, are you kidding me?!
Captain, this is bad! Get away from there, right now!
Is that you, Vulcan?! What's wrong?!
Radiation readings are climbing above baseline.
Those of you who are unpowered should evacuate!
Sister, Licht, you're with me!
That shock lady has gone and done something!
We need Arthur to counter her!
As soon as I pick up Arthur, I'm heading to you!
Arthur! Arthur, where are you?!
High-ho Silver!
Fine, I'm Silver. We need your help!
How far away should we be from the radiation source?
Unpowered people should still be all right if they keep 200 meters away.
But the pyrokinetics who are fighting in all that are in incredible danger.
The source of the radiation is a third generation's ability.
Those of us who are pyrokinetics should still be okay.
But even so, if the radiation keeps getting stronger, we'll be in danger!
Ritsu, what happened to your giant?
Miss Inca, it's too dangerous for you to come down here.
There's no way it can hit me.
Haumea tampered with the Sixth Pillar's brain.
Those heat rays appear to be radioactive.
Radiation? That's bad news.
So Miss Inca, you should--
Oh, you'll die if you stay there.
Huh? Really?
--How are we supposed to retrieve the Sixth Pillar like this?
--Holy cow! --How are we supposed to retrieve the Sixth Pillar like this?
That was fantastic, Haumea-chan!
Damn that Haumea, wreaking havoc unnecessarily...
That giant Infernal is suddenly tearing the place up.
Kurono, we have to stop Nataku!
I don't see any other way. We'll kill him.
You'd kill a pyrokinetic that's vital to Haijima?!
--You call yourself a Haijima employee?! --Who're you, my boss?
Stop thinking only about hurting others, and start thinking about your job!
Who're you, my boss?
We'll destroy the giant parts, and pluck Nataku out of there.
Let's go!
It's hard!
Kurono! I'll draw the lasers away and create a window for you!
You go and--
That's strong.
It's gotten too strong.
Time for a new job.
--Seriously, why does it have to be so strong?
--Hey! What are you waiting for?! I thought you were going to help! --Seriously, why does it have to be so strong?
--Hey! What are you waiting for?! I thought you were going to help! --Weaker is so much better.
Oh, crap!
Charon!
It's my calling to protect the Pillars!
So I'll protect you.
I'll cover you.
You use your speed to get close and pull the Sixth Pillar out of there!
I don't need you protecting me to do that!
Men are still little boys at heart,
so why do they insist on getting stronger for no reason?
You're incredible! You have incredible power! Let them have it!
You can do it, you can do it! You can do it if you try!
We're still all right now,
but if the radioactive concentration keeps rising,
we really will be in trouble.
Damn, there isn't a second to spare!
I have to hurry and get Arthur there!
What are you having me do, and where?
I need to you become a legendary knight.
What did you say? A legendary knight?!
--A knight, you say? Legendary, you say?
--Take it easy! --A knight, you say? Legendary, you say?
--Watch it! Don't thrash around! --Where, Vulcan?! Where are we going?!
There's a place where you can become a legendary knight!
Where is it?! Hurry up and take me there!
Yeah! Very knightly!
This is the top of the Matchbox.
You're not trying to trick me again, like that time with Sil-burro, right?
You make it sound so scandalous. Just trust me!
Can you see the hole in the middle of the hatch?
Yeah, right there.
You're going to stick your Excalibur into that hole.
You've heard the tale of the legendary knight
who inserts his legendary sword into something, right?
The tale of the sword-inserting legendary knight?!
Beneath that hole is a machine
that will take the plasma emitted by Arthur's Excalibur and amplify it.
If that amplified plasma can disrupt the shock lady,
we should have a pseudo-pulse attack that will shut out her EM waves.
Hold on! You have it backwards!
The legendary knight pulls his sword out of something!
Tch, he knows too much about this.
So all you have to do is stick it in first,
and then pull it out!
Huh? Vulcan, what are you talking about? Are you dense?
You're the one who's dense! You're carrying a legendary sword right now!
But you aren't pulling your sword out of anything!
In other words, once you stick your sword in, then you can pull it out!
Are you going to let this chance get away from you?!
Oh, right... S-So what you mean is...
...this trinket I've been carrying around
turns out to actually be a legendary weapon?
Yeah, that's it!
Trinket? Just what kind of status does Excalibur have in Arthur's mind?
Arthur's mindset is so squishy, it's hard to get a handle on it.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm!
And I'll be a legendary knight?
--Yes! --I get it!
I understand!
Thank goodness you're so dumb!
"Electromagnetic Pulse"
Electromagnetic Pulse!
"Amplification"
Amplification!
Those bastards! I'll bet it's that plasma user.
Vulcan and Arthur have done it!
This is the interference wave you mentioned?
Arrow! My toxic EM waves have been blocked!
We're gonna clobber the guy jamming me and get that kid to rampage again!
I actually think it's better if she remains blocked.
Oh, no you don't!
But I can't activate the Tekkyo because of that EM pulse.
I understand the situation. We just need to stop that naughty girl, right?
Your puppet can still move?
My Dominions run on flame, not electricity.
There he is!
Stay out of this!
We've been made!
Vulcan, I can pull it out now, right?
Not yet! The sword you're holding is a legendary sword!
They don't come out that easily!
Oh, okay. By the way, Vulcan,
why does the stone with the sacred sword in it have a driver's seat?
What is this?! The stone shouldn't start moving, should it?!
EMP intensity declining.
Damn, Arthur's make-believe knighthood is starting to fade!
Arthur! It turns out the stone the sword is stuck in
is actually the back of a big snake! Don't get shaken off!
A giant serpent?!
That's right! Look closely! Extreme technique:
Sidewinder!
"Sidewinder"
It sounded like something just whizzed by us.
I missed.
Why, you giant serpent!
You think that you can shake off the Knight King Arthur,
but you shall not!
The legendary sacred sword will remain in place!
Radioactive concentration still climbing.
Shinra...
...do something now, while there's still time!
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Nataku-san is swallowed up inside the giant Infernal, and not in his right mind.
The radiation grows ever stronger,
until finally, we are all placed in the greatest peril!
Someone, someone, please stop him!
You dumbass!
"Episode 17: Boys, Be Weak"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 17, "Boys, Be Weak."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org